item.WhiteDust.name=White Dust
item.PaintBrushString.name=Cutten String
item.PaintBrush.name=Paint Brush
item.RedPaintBrush.name=Red Paint Brush
item.GreenPaintBrush.name=Green Paint Brush
item.YellowPaintBrush.name=Yellow Paint Brush
item.OrangePaintBrush.name=Orange Paint Brush
item.MagentaPaintBrush.name=Magenta Paint Brush
item.VioletPaintBrush.name=Violet Paint Brush
item.PurplePaintBrush.name=Purple Paint Brush
item.LightRedPaintBrush.name=Light Red Paint Brush
item.CamoPaintBrush.name=Camo Paint Brush
item.WhitePaintBrush.name=White Paint Brush
item.BlackPaintBrush.name=Black Paint Brush
item.BrownPaintBrush.name=Brown Paint Brush
item.DarkBluePaintBrush.name=Dark Blue Paint Brush
item.BluePaintBrush.name=Blue Paint Brush
item.GrayPaintBrush.name=Gray Paint Brush

tile.RedWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.GreenWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.YellowWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.OrangeWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.MagentaWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.VioletWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.PurpleWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.LightRedWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.CamoWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.WhiteWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.BlackWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.BrownWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.DarkBlueWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.BlueWood.name=Colored Wood
tile.GrayWood.name=Colored Wood

itemGroup.tabC=Paint Mod 2015 v0.0.1